= Grooteogi API
:toc: left
:sectnums:
:toclevels: 2
:source-highlighter: highlightjs

== User API

=== Get All User

==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-all-user/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-all-user/http-createResponse.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/get-all-user/createResponse-fields.adoc[]

=== Get User

==== Request
include::{snippets}/get-user/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/get-user/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/get-user/http-createResponse.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/get-user/createResponse-fields.adoc[]

== Auth API

=== Register

==== Request
include::{snippets}/auth-register/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/auth-register/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/auth-register/http-createResponse.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/auth-register/createResponse-fields.adoc[]

=== Withdrawal

==== Request
include::{snippets}/auth-withdrawal/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/auth-withdrawal/http-createResponse.adoc[]

== Reservation API

=== Get Reservation

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/reservation-get/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Host User Reservations

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-host/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-host/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-host/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-host/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Participate User Reservation

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-apply/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-apply/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-apply/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-get-apply/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Create Reservation

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-create/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-create/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-create/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-create/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Delete Reservation

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-delete/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariables
include::{snippets}/reservation-delete/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-delete/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-delete/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Modify Status about Reservation API

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-modify/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariables
include::{snippets}/reservation-modify/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-modify/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-modify/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Send SMS API

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-send-sms/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/reservation-send-sms/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-send-sms/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-send-sms/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Check SMS API

==== Request
include::{snippets}/reservation-check-sms/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-check-sms/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/reservation-check-sms/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/reservation-check-sms/response-fields.adoc[]


== Hashtag API

=== Create Hashtag

==== Request
include::{snippets}/hashtag-create/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/hashtag-create/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/hashtag-create/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/hashtag-create/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Hashtag

==== Request
include::{snippets}/hashtag-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/hashtag-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/hashtag-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Search Hashtag

==== Request
include::{snippets}/hashtag-search/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Parameter
include::{snippets}/hashtag-search/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/hashtag-search/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/hashtag-search/response-fields.adoc[]

== Review API

=== Create Review

==== Request
include::{snippets}/review-create/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/review-create/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/review-create/http-response.adoc[]

=== Modify Review

==== Request
include::{snippets}/review-modify/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/review-modify/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/review-modify/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/review-modify/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete Review

==== Request
include::{snippets}/review-delete/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/review-delete/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/review-delete/http-response.adoc[]

== AwsS3 API

=== Upload Image

==== Request
include::{snippets}/aws-s3-upload/http-request.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/aws-s3-upload/http-response.adoc[]

=== Delete Image

==== Request
include::{snippets}/aws-s3-delete/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request parameters
include::{snippets}/aws-s3-delete/request-parameters.adoc[]

== Post API

=== Search Post

==== Request
include::{snippets}/post-search/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/post-search/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/post-search/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/post-search/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Post

==== Request
include::{snippets}/post-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/post-get/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/post-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/post-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Schedules

==== Request
include::{snippets}/schedule-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/schedule-get/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/schedule-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/schedule-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Reviews

==== Request
include::{snippets}/review-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/review-get/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/review-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/review-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get / Modify Like

==== Request
include::{snippets}/like-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/like-get/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/like-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/like-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Get Hashtags

==== Request
include::{snippets}/hashtags-get/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/hashtags-get/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/hashtags-get/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/hashtags-get/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Create Post

==== Request
include::{snippets}/post-create/http-request.adoc[]

===== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/post-create/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/post-create/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/post-create/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Modify Post

==== Request
include::{snippets}/post-modify/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request Fields
include::{snippets}/post-modify/request-fields.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/post-modify/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/post-modify/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Delete Post

==== Request
include::{snippets}/post-delete/http-request.adoc[]

==== Request PathVariable
include::{snippets}/post-delete/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Response
include::{snippets}/post-delete/http-response.adoc[]

==== Response Fields
include::{snippets}/post-delete/response-fields.adoc[]
